## Project Configuration

To set up the properties of the application you can use the **appsettings.json** placed in the project folder. The autogenerated file must contain the following JSON:
```
{
  "ProjectMetaInformation": {
    "Name": "mvc567",
    "Url": "https://mvc567.com/"
  },
  "ConnectionStrings": {
    "DatabaseConnection": "Data Source=DATABASE_SERVER_NAME;Initial Catalog=DATABASE_NAME;Integrated Security=True"
  },
  "AdminLoginAuthenticator": {
    "SecretKey": "",
    "CookieFormat": "",
    "SecretIndexes": "",
    "ShowForTestPurposes": false
  },
  "GoogleRecaptchaKeys": {
    "VisibleRecaptcha": {
      "SiteKey": "",
      "SecretKey": ""
    },
    "InvisibleRecaptcha": {
      "SiteKey": "",
      "SecretKey": ""
    }
  },
  "Jwt": {
    "Key": "RANDOM_JWT_KEY_USED_FOR_BEARER_AUTHORIZATION",
    "Issuer": "https://localhost:44370/"
  },
  "SmtpConfig": {
    "Host": "",
    "Port": "",
    "UseSSL": false,
    "Name": "",
    "Username": "",
    "EmailAddress": "",
    "Password": ""
  },
  "RobotsTxt": [
    "User-agent: *",
    "Disallow: /admin",
    "Sitemap: https://localhost:44370/sitemap.xml"
  ],
  "MetaTags": {
    "OpenGraphSiteName": "",
    "OpenGraphType": "",
    "FacebookAppId": "",
    "TwitterCard": "",
    "TwitterCreator": "",
    "TwitterSite": ""
  }
}
```
Configuration is separated on following sections
* Project Meta Information
* Connection Strings
* Admin Login Authenticator
* Google Recaptcha Keys
* Jwt
* Robots Txt
* Meta Tags

#### Project Meta Information

This information is used to be rendered project information into the administration panel. It contains two properties:
* **Name** - Name of the project 
* **Url** - Url to the project

#### Connection Strings

This section is used to contains all connections to different databases used from the application. In mvc567 case, you must set up just one specific property **DatabaseConnection** which must be a valid SQL Server connection string.

#### Admin Login Authenticator

These configuration properties are used for the third factor of admin authentication. The properties are as follows: 
* **SecretKey** - Key which is base 32 encoded string - e.g. "JZHDS3CPKBYHQODRF42ESNSEM5IUQ4BX"
* **CookieFormat** - String contains 2 placeholders in C# style - e.g. "Hdg3fIA9GdNeRa4W{0}g77A_zpHvuEUApBe9bMr1qObWAP4zddLhyGx_MfjO8{1}FwkGnq"
* **SecretIndexes** - String contains 6 indexes from 0 to 31, separated by comma - e.g. "3,4,16,17,29,30"
* **ShowForTestPurposes** - Flag that indicates whether the authenticator to be showed for test purposes or not
For optimal configuration you can use the [Admin Authenticator Generator](https://mvc567.com/utilities/admin-authenticator-generator) from the mvc567 website.

#### Google Recaptcha Keys

Properties of this section are related to Google ReCaptcha configuration. Based on properties you must set up **SiteKey** and **SecretKey** for **VisibleRecaptcha** and **InvisibleRecaptcha**. In general case, only a Visible ReCaptcha is used so you must set up at least their keys. But in case you will use invisible one, you must set up the **InvisibleRecaptcha** keys either.

#### Jwt

This section will be used for bearer authorization settings and contains two properties:
* **Key** - must be a random, long and secret key 
* **Issuer** - must be the host of the application

#### Smtp Config

The properties of this section are related to email configuration. The required properties are as follows:
* Host
* Port
* UseSSL
* Name
* Username
* EmailAddress
* Password

#### Robots Txt

The content of this property is in the form of an array and each item of the array will be implemented as a row of **robots.txt** file.

#### Meta Tags

Properties of this section are used for SEO and their existance will be applied as follows:

##### OpenGraphSiteName
```
<meta property="og:site_name" />
```
##### OpenGraphType
```
<meta property="og:type" />
```
##### FacebookAppId
```
<meta property="fb:app_id" />
```
##### TwitterCard
```
<meta name="twitter:card" />
```
##### TwitterCreator
```
<meta name="twitter:creator" />
```
##### TwitterSite
```
<meta name="twitter:site" />
```
